majority of people on earth including me do not know who they are where  they are and where they are going and as a consequence do not take the action that will make their lives more valuable instead things just happen to them and they are often not good attributting it to bad luck. You need to change yourself before you change the world. No sense in slouching miserably(fear of threats and uncertainty) when you can aim for what you want and get it. Don't forget to be obsessed with the truth(first principles) and pay attention to details(the how) perception is the most important thing in order to have vision. Think in terms of what do you want to accomplish and then address your fears of why you may not be able to achieve this(the risks involved and use remote probability risk). Nothing more important than to get your personal 
experinces right and people live inside the stories that they tell themselves and they use those stories to interprate the world around themselves. How do you current 
percieve yourself and what do you considere possible to achieve in the future culture. Everyday has to be lived on the edge in atleast one fie

pysicue/fitness/strength-travelstrong programme (6months atleast 3 times a week)
meditation-3 days a week
yoga - (2 days a week after every 2 weeks)

rds max follow everything and time frame after-Eat,drink/sleep/exercise/groom/fashion/ the rest is my charm/personality comes shining through.
fashion(1wk)

family-
friends- 
There are few scores of radical change that exist in soceity that are more powerful than entreprenuership in bringing about change and social progress only on e I can think off is war.But is neoliberalism incompatible with democracy can democracy favour the increased role of the provate sector in the economy and soceity Ido not think so.
what do you want to see happen that is not happening/Achievement-self Authoring(1wkfollow the money for all the bad things or values money espouseds even people who do not have it look at what they do to get it and you will know their true nature) odin project(4months)5hours a day

To influence people know what bias they are incentivized to have that will prevent you from achieving what you want. I do not want to do banal things(if there is minimum wage why isn't there no maximum wage i'll tell you why because most of the time people are greedy or fearful overoptimistic and overpessimistic vary difficult to find a balance asking the right questions and testing your hypothessis will give you the ultimate truth so much interesting things happen beyond politics go extinct if we stop using fossil fuel now and forever very expensive insuarance policy the best insuarance policy for human civilization has always been technological progress not politics and idealogues astrology and poverty is a much bigger problem is fun reason is more fun generalistions flattery applied to the individual to fuel our confirmation bias.)
Good things come from the bootom up not the other way round.

You are not a lottery ticket life is a series of challenges and tests to master if you are not prepared to face them you will fail. Know what it takes to pass what people want, requires knowledge and resoursefulness and time constraints.


decision markets on several domains that are absolutely crucial to the future of our nation/civilization economy,technology,government,culture(conflict),religion etc to elicit uncommon knowledge on to the masses by rewarding the informed and disincentivizing ignorance(loose money).Additional benefits can be risk management and forecasting if time is in your favour.But one of the most powereful bets is to hedge against economic and political risks.

policy wonk attention to details how do you dial down on the wonkishness but still be able to send the message across as the wonkishness of the contract increases the volume and liquidity drop sharply.The driving factor for uniformed traders is entertainment(social proof) and overconfidence(hubris the monemaker effect)elicit knowledge in the wider society in discussion forums. Are you launching something that will change how things are done and need to be examined by people who control and run soceity will it challenge the established order we know people do not like change especially the ones benefitting from it.But here’s the thing. Failing only means you’ve lost your time, money and some of your mental health. If you are truly passionate, you never lose your vision. It’s the one thing no one can ever take away from you; the only way to lose your dream is to let go of it yourself.Need to watch the machiavelli control freaks they are one of the biggest obstacles you will have to face.Learn for mastery not test scores.                                  TIME IS KEY TRUTH

Dammit, nobody else is going to do it and it needs to be done- so I will do it!" When you have a very high I.Q. things seem obvious that the vast duller portion of the population just don't notice...﻿So the question is how do you do it..this requires domain expertise(intelligence) and an urgent MVP to test out your hypothesis so you do not waste time over optimising.

7th febuary 2017 all bets points to you being an under achiever know that. HARDWORK AND DEDICATION(that's it the dedicatuion part is what you care about and skills you need to see it through resources and time needed to see it accomplished.You will know you are succesful when you have people who passionately admire you or hate you those usually are good signs you are getting it.) looks,security(financial resources), social status(admired and revered succesful),loyalty and then the deal breakers which are confidence(being comfortable in uncomfortable situations,stepping out of your comfort zone and going after what you want), interesting & fun(humour emotional rollercoaster wide range of emotions), Idependent and secure(freedom of thought, expression(career persuit above the girl herself) no neediness have to be detached this is the biggest deal breaker),Challenging(adventerous and even dangerous higher frame woman can't be challenging the man edgy eccentric),sexual prowess(intimate and dirty sex, other women desire you and talk of your sexual prowess) basically a leader and a guy who other women want.If you do all of this together you will attract the highest quality men when you go after the latter qualities naturally you will get the other qualities the first offer lots of emotional stimulation for her feminine energy while the second provide her with emotional security which is nice to but not as powerful than the stimulation in the 21st century enotionally intelligent woman.

1yr-skill acquistion that will bring some income to allow me to launch atleast 30k a month by december 2017, learn the networking(meet like minded people who want to do positive change and have some real ocncrete ideas), leadership(see what it takes to actually bring together talent,capital,ideas to enact needed change up close), business(shoot by potential ideas to be tested and execute one if you see an opening timing is key), increase my utility delta(bring ideas you have to life based on experience and judgement)5-10yrs, the ultimate destiny(challenge yourself against the best improve your utility delta there too).

Action steps-raise your standards, change your limiting beliefs and get a plan to execute all this.

forks(limiting beliefs have years of baggage, habits, emotions, and environment continuing to propel you down the bad road.)See the forks coming up again and agian so you know when to avoid them.

the grind-you are going to probably have failures and setbacks. One of the most difficult aspects of change is the need to make a day-to-day, hour-to-hour, and minute-to-minute commitment to change (Every time you miss an opportunity for change, you further ingrain your old obstacles). A helpful reminder of this necessity is what I call the Three Ps.Patience,Persistence,Perservearance.

The payoff which enduces eudamonic pleasure and you have a realise you will never have to go back to living you life the way you used to because you are a new person in the way you think,feel and behave.Pay more attention to the way you think and not on how you feel relate that to your ultimate destiny. Follows they think he will bring prosperity to them but is he worth following what is he planning on doing that has not been done what is he promising.What is your true purpose for most people just live and fight to survival just to survive another day to truly reach the heavens you need to find a higher purpose than survival and this is different for every individual but difficult to pursue become of uncertainty it promises.

1.consciousness -contemplation is suicide always be three steps ahead of your enemy 2.unfiltered truth free of your biases how do things really work so you can imrove apon them people are systems temperement 3.precision and timing don't fall for vague answers why is it better the utility delta 4. Focus on behaviour and not your emotions they will soon follow fake it till you make it 5.Think your own thoghts and act upon them your true desires free of your survival instincts are you choosing your fate or being led by others to a place you do not desire, choice is the ultimate form of expression always use it. 6.what is the real risk to get over your anxiety - usually just a no or being hekled all your imaginary apocalytic scenarios are unlikely to happen. If there are doubles or clones doing the same thing then there is no need for you to specialise just recruit them focus on what needs to be done that nobody is doing.CREDENTIAL TRACKING BY AUTHORITIES IS A SUBSTITIUTE FOR PEOPLE TO THINK WHAT THEY ARE GOING TO DO WITH THEIR LIVES YOU DON'T KNOW SO YOU FOLLOW THE STEPS YOU DO NOT THINK WHERE ARE YOU GOING TO MAKE THE MOST DIFFERENCE.If you try something ambitious and fail you will have learnt alot you will probably have a couple of successes along the way you will meet great talented or ambitious persons like yourself that you may do other things with but if you do something that is not ambitous and you fail boy is that demotivating because it proves to your subconcious that you are a failure if you can't do this simple thing then how are you going to do the really ambitious stuff.a great question is what is it that we understand that other people do not get if it's a no it can be a great investment over long periods of time but not scale as fast as the first one value you offer relative to others provide x value capture y y can be 0 doesn't have to be a new idea can be contranian bullish than anyone else  and thing there is mush more exponential growth than everybody else because you tend to have this madness of the crowd phenomena where capital gets deployed in very inefficient ways so when you invest your own money you are typiclly looking to get good returns while when you invest other people's money you have to objectives that is to get good returns and look like you are going to get good returns.
There is always this narrative entreprenuers have in their minds and people in general tha there are just hard problems that you can't solve or things that you do not understand and that someone else is going to solve them for you which tends to be false and it's just intellectuals laziness and living life as if you are a lottery ticket and luck determines everything.You have a comparative advantage if you get good at lying to people that you are going to help them because people are naturally wishful thinkers just look at the people that lead us politicians they are no better than any of us yet we give them this tremedous power over us it's literaly insanity.
Just look at our pop culture everybody from 7 yrs olds to grow ass men worship superman and all this heroes because it symbolizing this saviour that is going to rid us of all our problems if you wait for him you are probably going to get an imposter. The education system becomes problematic for us when it becomes a substitiute for thinking about our future, so we are going to get a degree then we are going to have options sort of seems like a luck based game inderterminate opptimism you want determinate opptimism.There has been alot of regulation in many sectors of tech to the point that nothing is happening that they are not called technology anymore.leapfrog skip a few steps to go faster but it's not sustainable you will eventually have to innovate venture capial here focused on this copy cat business models on scaling globalisation and not on worst but better ideas like mpesa which is using tech developed in the first world and scaling another service missing in the developed world.it is very easy to know who has the most power and control everything just ask which one you can't criticise or make fun of. taking what you want is the way of great men those who can't moan about their bad luck want their head to be stroked in the heads of their women which feels good but it completely absures the fact that they weak men never find solace in settling exhaust or die in the endevour. 

remember victory belongs not to those that follow the rules but those that make the rules and impose them on their enemies/opponents the only constant rule is to win the old fashion way by any means neccesaary.unlike everybody else I don't pretend that side of me doesn't exist because I know how human pyschology works and race bias is occurs at a very subtle subconscious level the impulse shoots right out of you before you can even think about it so I have to consciously check it every time so it doesn't manifest in my behaviour.It would be better if people just stopped being too politically correct and pretend they like everything about other cultures it should be fine for white people to say the fine black churches to noisy or animated without being called racist for straight guys to say they find gay people wierd and vise versa or make fun of mexicans/indians for putting to much spice in their food even if it makes them angry so long as you do not restrict their own freedom of expression in any way they please it would be a much better world and quite frankly we would be alot smarter and generallly have better ideas of the way the future should play out.
That's how people actually bond by accepted their superficial social group differences and looking for much more important things that define an individual better like individual character, track record, reputation, ideas.

unconcious bias of working harder not smarter parkinson law theory of buaucratic displacement always seeming to be working harder not smarter are you actually getting things done on time using less resources. Use that human, instinctual longing for competition that fuels such industries as sports and gaming to make this work for you. You have to win against the clock; strive to beat it as if it were your opponent, without taking shortcuts and producing low-quality output. This is particularly helpful if you’re having trouble taking your own deadlines seriously.

People always ask this & always resort to mythical or religious answer, because they are too afraid of the unknown. 

The real answer is far simpler & much more beautiful than that. The purpose & meaning to life? It is whatever you wish it to be.﻿
it's not what you do that defines you it's whom you do it with
think is this actually going to solve the problem to overcome your emotional biases formed from your filters which can destroy creativity we extend empathy to those who are like us intellectually/ideologically .future can be abundance or scarcity you choose which direction you want and build that

