                                                         

                                                                HOW TO READ ANYONE INSTANTLY(basically what body language shows is how comfortable or uncomfortable is someone in a particular situation)

LEGS AND FEET 
1.most honest part of your body when peopl try to lie they focus on their hands and faces but can't help control their feet.
2.Happy feet or lifted feet one heel of the ground signals that we may be impatient or happy depending on the situation.
3.feet shifting direction may indicate that they do not want to engage in conversation either they dislike what you said or they are in a hurry depending on the context.
4.The knee clap is a signal that they want to leave.
5.feet width is an indicator of how much confidence they have and a general rule of thumb is that the more space that someone takes the more confident they are.This also applies when you are sitting down 
6.crossing legs implies that you are extremely comfortable because it implies that you would have a difficult time running away from threats hence you are extremely comfortable especially in girls.They will usually tilt their body towards the person that makes them feel the most comfortable or they like.
7.Shoe game when the individual plays with their shoes especially women and dangles it in their feet is an flirtatious sign used to attract suitors.
8.The seated leg cross this forms a barrier with the top leg and usually means different things depending on which direction it faces when the barrier is between you and them then it mean they dislike you are uncomfortable around you while if it is not between you and then it means they are much more comfortable around you and like what you said.
9.promixity alert the closer people are to you the more comfortable they feel around you because if they like you they will allow you to move closer into their circle and they will move closer towards yours.
10.foot freeze when someone was moving their feet alot and they suddenly stops this is a sign of a very powerful emotion or stress.
11.foot lock or lower cross when someone suddenly when sitting down crosses their legs at their feets this is a sign of stress.


TORSO
1.Contains some of the most important organs of the body so your body will do alot to try and protect this area.
2.The front of the torso is the most sensitive part to you will shift it away from anything that you consider a threat including muggings or people you do not like or even topics that you do not like and do the opposite to people and topics that you do like.
3.shielding your torse can indicate discomfort or nervousness like crossing your arms and shielding them using other objects like books but this indicators and not absolute it all depends on the context and combination with other indicators some people are just comfortable crossing ther arms like craig ferguson.
4.Leaning when they lean forward indicates interest in the conversation while they are leaning back and to the side it can indicate confidence and direspect to authorities.
5.Puffed chest this is a sign of anger or confidence and is most common sign in a fight and note that males will also puff their chest around females they are attracted to.
6.Shrugged shoulders shows indicisiveness the classic I do not know.
7.sholder roll which narrows the distance between your ears and your your sholders to protect your neck classic move for discomfort and lack of confidence.


ARMS
1.Easy way of showing dominance and authority but also an easy way of spotting nervousness and submissiveness.
2.Gravity defying arm movements like high fives or fist bumps shows confidence and happiness while when you are nervous or unhappy they tend not to move at all because of the build of up cortisol in the body this is literally why boxers cannot throw a punch your body is attempting to make you a smaller target to whatevet threat you are facing at the time.
3.Arms behind backs is an indicator of power and authority used by poweful ceos and politicians and indicates they want some distance.
4.Arms akimbo used to display dominance and authority especially when there is an issue being discussed and you can use this especially when you find you have a had time making people take you seriously.
5.Taking up space with your arms communicates authority and dominance.
6.Hooding effct similar to taking up space is a territory claiming gesture and display dominance and confidence.

HANDS AND FINDERS
1.Much more difficult to spot because the signs are much more subtle.
2.Hiding your hands has shown to always imply negative feelings in others maybe due to in the past showing your hands inicated you had no weapons.
3.Shaking of hands can mean a lot of things not only nervousness can be too much caffeine focus excitement or even neurological disease.
4.Steepling display confidence and dominace can be used to come off as more confident in negotiated or debates.
5.Thumbs up shows confidence while thumbs down generally hidden in pants shows lack of confidence combined with other signs.
6.Hand stroking using one hand to hold or stroke the other hand or the neck this is a pacifying behaviour to calm ourselves down during great stress type of displacement acitivity not very attractive to women.

FACE
1.The face is the least accurate part of the body so don't even try most of the time to look at it while spotting inconcistent behaviour unless their is an explicit sign because most peopl tend to focus on their face when they are telling a lie or decieving.
2.eye squitting and eye widening will show suprise and internalizing something negative.
3.eye blocking will be done to avoid seeing negative things like an accident or things that you are disgusted with.
4.Dilated pupils can show attraction as it allows more light to come in or it can be influence of caffeine or drugs or being afraid you will have to judge based on context.
5.eye flash you like what you see.
6.strong eye contact can show love or conflict or confidence when you struggle to hold eye contact you are percieved as not being to confident.
7.Eyes flashing and looking to the side can be a sign of an internal struggle trying to make a decision or figure something out.can also mean distrust or a lack of belief when head is tilted to the side.
8.Real or fake smile a real one has wrinkles on the eyes while a fake one doesn't this is a sign of nervousness or deception.
9.Dissapearing lips is a sign of stress your brain is telling your body to prevent anything from entering your mouth.
10.lip pouch means dissagreement like donald trump does it all the time.
11.lips moves close to the ear is a sign of disgust and dissagreement with whatever someone is saying complete lack of respect.
12.Chin up displays how confidence someone is and literally the movement of the chin up or down will indicate how confident someone really is.

THE 4 RULES FOR BODY LANGUAGE
1.Look for clusters not just individual signs like crossing hands plus crossing legs between them and others and having strong eye contact can mean that they are being very defensive.
2.Look for sudden changes to note what has changed since what has been said are they less happy or more happy with what has been said.
3.Look at the context or the environment his he more confident or uncomfortable in this type of environments.
4.Learn how to read mixed signals this is the advanced stuff negative emotions stick out the most while most of the time people try to fake positive emotions so is he smiling while having his torso and legs faing away from you that person may not like the conversation as much as you think.

you internalize all of this by reading one part of the body at a time practice practice.
